slowlog get command supports passing in -1 to get all logs. (#1585)
redis/redis-doc: commands/slowlog.md

To read the slow log the **SLOWLOG GET** command is used, that returns every
entry in the slow log.
It is possible to return only the N most recent entries passing an additional

> argument to the command (for instance **SLOWLOG GET 10**). It is also allowed
> to pass in -1 to get all slow logs (for instance **SLOWLOG GET -1**).

Reviewer: please have a look at the styling guidelines: https://github.com/redis/redis-doc/blob/master/README.md
to avoid mess in git log and easier review, from now on, we put each sentence in it's own line (making an effort to only change ones we actually change).
```suggestion
argument to the command (for instance **SLOWLOG GET 10**).
The default requested length is 10 (when the argument is omitted), It is possible to pass -1 for getting the entire slowlog.
```
@itamarhaber please review the wording and fix.

Reviewer 2: Make it:
`The default requested length is 10 (when the argument is omitted). It's possible to pass -1 to get the entire slowlog.`
